hello this is like okay eight-30 and
today I'm going to be doing a review or
a custom minifigure showcase of um two
figures that I hand-painted by myself so
these weren't bought these are all
hand-painted I'm just gonna get my
camera stable so on the Left we have a
often SS soldier soldier with the dot 44
camo and then a painted helmet which was
inspired by mr. Jen's on Flickr yep
let me just get the focus
so yeah all hand-painted and then he has
the citizen Brett citizen brick bootlegs
which look really nice and they don't
sell them quite yet I got the met brick
Fair anyway so my used in eclipse
graphics German tour so as the base and
then painted the cam all over it so it
has the let's rifle designs and then it
has the painted helmet that's supposed
to be a supposed to give I didn't come
out that good but there's markings so
yeah and this was the first ever figure
that I've painted and I think it came
out really nice so next we have a
splinter camo Panzer crewman this guy's
the second guy I painted and I think it
came out pretty nice maybe not as good
as the first one but it's winter
camouflage is a lot harder to paint both
these figures took me around I would say
five hours to me and it seems like a lot
but painting is very time consuming if
you've done it yourself but yeah and
then use the 7:27 field cap and a looter
very nice and if this video gets let's
say 50 likes I will do a how-to on how
to paint the dot camo because I gladly
do that so if you guys want a how-to
remember 50 likes and I'll do it um so
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the video
on I had a blast at brick fair sorry I
had it made a video since then I just
kind of been bored and stuff but I have
working on a new tank if you check my
Flickr I'm working on a t-34 right now
and I have it all done but the turret so
I'll come in really quick sneak peek I
just recently made a brick 1/4
subscribe and go